you will be given a string and you need to
reverse it Using recursion So we need to pass the
string
Str it's starting index I and the string length n
to the recursive function
And in every recursive call we need to swap the
starting index character and its corresponding last index character for
example here for index zero the corresponding last indexes five
So we need to swap str of zero and str
of five and for index one the corresponding last indexes
four
So we need to swap str of one and
str of four and so on
Once the swapping is over we need to invoke the
next recursive call with an incremented I value to swap
the next set of characters
We need to do this process till I reaches middle
index so we can stop the process when I equal
to n by two
And that is our base case
So let us see how this process will work
For example here the string is orange
So we passed the string
It's starting index zero and string length six to the
function
Now we need to perform the swap operation so swap
character said indices I and N minus i minus one
that is indices zero and five so O and
E are swapped
Next call the function again with incremental I value so
here starting index I is one
So its corresponding last index will be n minus i
minus one that is six minus one minus one which
is four
So swap the character
at indices one and four So R N G are
swapped Next call the function again with incremented I value
so here the starting index i is two
So its corresponding last index will be n minus i minus
one
That is six minus two minus one which is three So
we need to swap the characters that indices two and three
So a and n are swapped now called the function
again by passing incremented I value
And here I equal to three which is our length
n divided by two
So so I has become n by two which is
our base case so we can return and stop the
process
So using this logic you can try to solve the problem.